#69: Allow specifying subject alternative names (SAN) (#70)
exasol/bucketfs-java: doc/system_requirements.md

* [feat~bucketfs-access~1](#bucketfs-access)

Needs: dsn

#### TLS Support

`req~tls-support~1`

> BFSJ allows users to access a bucket via an connection encrypted with TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BFSJ allows users accessing a bucket via a connection encrypted with TLS.
```
